this crisis with jenna Marbles
reevaluating how racist she may or may
not be in quitting YouTube for me it
does relate the black lives matter
movement but not in the way you think it
does
alright when I look at this videotape
footage of cops beating up and killing
young black kids sometimes they're
beating up protesters I've been seeing a
lot of that kind of footage lately in
2020 oh well look at that one of the
thoughts I have again and again is this
man does not know the first thing about
being a cop when I look at jenna Marbles
having this breakdown I think the exact
same thing about her in relation to
comedy I think this is somebody who
never had any idea of what it means to
be a comedian if your position is like
jenna Marbles that you don't want to
offend anybody you don't want to hurt
anybody's feelings you don't want anyone
to feel that you don't want anyone have
to question anything know exactly what
you should do is confront your audience
with things they don't want to reflect
on and I try to make fun content
inclusive content things that don't
offend people or upset people I've
always been a two-way street and that
anytime that you criticize me and tell
me they would like me to do better or to
do something differently that I always
try to do that here's the clip I'll play
it for you
[Music]
it depends on that and if that's the
case where people will watch something
and be offended now I don't want to
exist
[Music]
we all just saw jenna Marbles moping
about how she doesn't want to hurt
anyone's feelings she doesn't want to
offend a [ __ ] anyone and you know
what I was thinking the whole goddamn
time you should be a crossing guard
if that's your attitude towards life if
that's your attitude towards performance
art or comedy or satire or whatever is
you think we're doing here you should
get off YouTube you should stand by the
side of the [ __ ] Road and hold the
hands of little children elderly people
when they cross and the light turns
yellow warn them to watch out that'd be
a great job for someone with jenna
Marbles and you know it's a [ __ ]
terrible job for her being a comedian
that's racist
or you know done these terrible things
and the only thing I would like to say
is that I'm I'm just a person trying to
navigate the world the same way that you
are so I don't always know what's right
what's wrong with the truth is offending
people being offended it's not some kind
of minor footnote to what comedy social
satire and politics are all but it's a
really important central integral part
of what we're doing in comedy it's
tremendously important and the message
you put it on the Internet it's not just
important for the people who appreciate
your sense of comedy the people who
aren't offended it can be even more
important for the people who are
offended I made jokes years ago about
the fact that a diet guru and a natural
lifestyle guru here on YouTube had fake
tits had silicone breast implants this
is a woman freelee the banana girl who
claims she would literally never eat a
mango if it wasn't organic that she ate
nothing that had pesticides on it she
was so committed to her personal ideal
of what natural means she's someone who
claimed she never used shampoo she's
someone who claimed she never used
toilet paper because that was too
unnatural for her she does all these
wacky crazy [ __ ] theories and she
tried to convince the audience that they
should never eat garlic and they should
never eat salt because
garlic contains a neurotoxin it was just
one hippy crackpot ideal after another
and you know what you know what a lot of
people told me a lot of people had seen
more than 100 of our videos including
fans of birds people told me they were
offended but they also said to me wow it
never even occurred to me to question
that she has fake tests this is a woman
who's appearing in a bikini and less on
the internet every day she's wearing
incredibly revealing attire in her
photos and interviews all the time some
of you she was dancing on camera and
these people are watching so
uncritically or so admiring they've such
admiration for this woman they're taking
on what she's saying uncritical oh yeah
she garlic's a neurotoxin that makes
sense to taking all this on board and it
never even [ __ ] occurs to them that
there's this incongruous contrast
between the etiology of the hundred and
ten percent natural lifestyle she's
supposedly ting and the fact that she
has silicone breast implants right here
in right now and that actually when you
think about it a lot of the money and
fame she's made out of the internet a
lot of what a lot of it really is the
result of those silicone ear but it
really is specifically her tits it
really specifically the few feminine
curves she has in our body implanted by
a mad scientist made at a plastic and
silicone okay because otherwise she was
rail-thin
because she eat this insane starving
yourself to death on bananas diet all
right it's offensive you know what I
want you to get upset I want you to stop
and think about it and hundreds of
people wrote in to me and some of them
talked to me by voice chat and people
said to me wow you know what when you
did that you did that thing you made
those jokes with really I stopped and
thought about that I never noticed I'd
never reflect I never thought about it
before this is this really obvious
contradiction in the midst of the this
person's act which he was preaching
veganism partly sure it was preaching a
whole lot of other insane stuff wrapped
up in it and someone who was making a
ton of money out of selling [ __ ]
pseudoscience fake diet and health
advice on the internet there was a time
there was a time when people got
offended because I had the nerve to joke
about to point out the to faint then the
famous youtubers now has-beens Nina and
Ronda were no-talent bums it was able to
point the finger of them say hey why are
they major
voices in the vegan movement they've
never done jack [ __ ] in terms of vegan
activism they're only famous because
their father is wealthy and he basically
owns he paid for and organized a big
festival in Los Angeles LA veg fest he
puts them on stage he promotes them
guess what they can't sing they can't
dance nobody likes their music they
can't act they're not talented in any
way and they're not even good-looking so
veganism is uncritically worshipping
these people putting them on a stage
putting them on a pedestal treating them
as leaders when they're worse than Kim
Kardashian because at least people like
to jack off looking at Kim Kardashian's
people these people [ __ ] find or
attractive ok rightly or wrongly these
they're not talented they're not
interesting they're not activist and
they sold out and they did they did
commercials for meat tacos for Taco Bell
so-called vegan activist making money
advertising beef and chicken burritos
and tacos we talked about the moment
they had a chance to get on doing ads
for for Taco Bell they jump people got
offended right people never feels guess
what that was an important message to
deliver not just to the people who agree
with there were plenty I remember that
day the day I did the first recording I
was live-streaming there were live
comments appreciating an agreement
saying wow thank you so much for for
bringing this up at that moment and sure
tons of people who you know who the
message was really important for it was
important for the people who got upset
it was important for the people who got
offend it was poor for them to stop and
reflect on what the hell is going on in
this vegan movement what the hell is
going on it's unbelievably shallow you
know digital culture we've got going on
here what an unbelievably powerful tool
YouTube is for everything when was the
last time you saw when these people
upload a [ __ ] book review was last
time you saw anything meaningful any
kind of content that took any effort any
depth to it what so you know these are
also questions we got to ask and then we
don't just ask them of you know creators
then we have to ask them of ourselves
too what am i doing with my life if
you're spending your time watching these
people literally walk their dogs that's
what you will maybe your life also you
need to question if your life is so
shallow that you admire jenna Marbles
walking her dog and brushing her hair
and putting on her mascara on camera
there's probably questions you got to
ask yourself too and that kind of social
satire those things okay this crisis
with
marbles reevaluating how racist she may
or may not be in quitting YouTube for me
it does relate to the black lives matter
movement but not in the way you think it
does all right when I look at this
videotape footage of cops beating up and
killing young black kids sometimes
they're beating up protesters I've been
seeing a lot of that kind of footage
lately in 2020 uh well look at that one
of the thoughts I have again and again
is this man does not know the first
thing about being a cop I think this is
somebody who doesn't even have the basic
fundamental concept of being a civil
servant of you know of what it means to
be a police officer of what kind of duty
and honor and dignity is involved in
that job and the way in which there's a
real obligation on Kim his or her part
but it's almost oh man in these videos
to really treat others you know
according to that higher standard to
treat others sure how you'd want to be
treated if the positions reversed but
even more so I'm above and beyond that
there's this there's this standard and
they don't even have that concept and
I'm looking at these guys and I'm
wondering how did they get this idea of
what it even means to be a police
officer did it come from
movies did it come from video games did
it come from TV shows like cops there's
a famous TV show that states that the
title is just cops with this kind of
this kind of footage how did they put
together this air SATs ideology of what
it means to be a police officer and it's
so totally unglued from totally
unattached to the reality not just of
what being a police officer ought to be
but of what the job really is what the
duty involved really is when I look at
jenna Marbles having this breakdown I
think the exact same thing about her in
relation to comedy I think this is
somebody who never had any idea of what
it means to be a comedian if your
position is like jenna Marbles that you
don't want to offend anybody you don't
want to hurt anybody's feelings you
don't want anyone to feel that you don't
want anyone that to question anything
and one point she stops talking about
race and racism and she starts talking
about a slut-shaming jokes he made a
joke she made about women who are
- promiscuous you made jokes about men
being super miss us - she said and
that's just terrible
she shouldn't she shouldn't cause anyone
in the audience to question whether it's
not they're ruining their lives with
sexual excesses or whatever no exactly
what you should do is confront your
audience with things they don't want to
reflect on it's precisely the jarring
sense of curing a comedian say something
and thinking wow I never thought they'd
take it that far I never saw it that way
I never questioned this thing sure and
maybe there are gonna be some people in
your audience and they've been living a
life she used to a lot of jokes about
alcohol they've been drinking too much
alcohol and sleeping around and watching
you make fun of that watching you make
jokes with that that could lead them to
stop and reflect and say hey getting
drunk at the club and sleeping with
random strangers
maybe there's another perspective on
this one thing but that could have a
really positive impact in some and you
know what it could offend somebody it
could hurt someone's feelings and those
people that you offended where you hurt
their feelings because they have their
own defensive excuses for why it is that
there are drunk sleeping around with
random strangers it's more important for
them than for the people who agree with
you and suppose you it's more important
for the people who don't get the joke
for the people get offended than it is
for the people who just laugh at the
punchline if what you want to do is live
the ideal that jennamarbles sets out
here what you want to do is live your
whole namby-pamby life without offending
anyone you know what the job is for you
being a crossing guard jenna Marbles you
should delete your YouTube channel you
should quit social media entirely comedy
is not for you you've shown that you
never understood what comedy what satire
is about and I think the comedy
inevitably and inexorably has a
political element to it when jenna
Marbles says she says in her defense
that she tries so hard just to give the
audience what they want just to tell
them what they already want to hear
you're a hundred and eighty degrees
wrong that's the opposite of comedy what
you should be saying to your audience is
things they never thought they were
gonna hear it's challenging your
audience with off-the-wall wacky
perspectives and yeah offensive
unexpected perspective challenging your
audience telling them telling them
things they never even thought would be
funny or yes sometimes things
they find shocking you've got to see
things the audience they never would
have possibly sent you an email
requesting you make a YouTube view but
that's precisely the creative role if
all you're doing is catering to the
audience's whims then you're not a
comedian and you're not a creative
artist all you're doing is just as safe
and just as conformist and just as
bureaucratic as being a crossing guard
hopefully I've taken down anything that
would upset someone and I hope you know
that that's just not my intent
that's not what I ever set out to do
hurt anyone's feelings
[Music]